updated maximum resolution allowed for Generative design (#203)
ansys/pysimai: doc/source/user_guide/generative_design_ug/generative_design.rst

Use higher resolution for complex or precise geometries, and lower resolution for simple shapes or quick previews.

> The total number of voxels must not exceed 900^3, that is the three numbers multiplied together must be less than or equal to 900^3.

Author: ```suggestion
The total number of voxels must not exceed 900^3, that is `x`, `y`, `z` multiplied together must be less than or equal to 900^3.
```
